Add Reverso foundation model for zero-shot time series forecasting (#3061)
unit8co/darts: CHANGELOG.md

### For users of the library:

> - Added `ReversoModel`, a new foundation model for zero-shot time series forecasting. Reverso is a highly parameter-efficient model (200K-2.6M params) that matches accuracy of models 100x its size. [#3034](https://github.com/unit8co/darts/issues/3034) by [Xinghong Fu](https://github.com/shinfxh).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added new forecasting model `ReversoModel`: a family of highly parameter-efficient (200K-2.6M) foundation models that matches accuracy of models 100x their sizes. It supports univariate, multivariate, and multiple time series forecasting without training and can be fine-tuned on your own data. [#3034](https://github.com/unit8co/darts/issues/3034) by [Xinghong Fu](https://github.com/shinfxh).
```
